Updated localization contribute page with information about new localization subgroup. (#24412)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/contribute/localization.md

### Find community

> Let Kubernetes SIG Docs know you're interested in creating a localization! Join the [SIG Docs Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/C1J0BPD2M/) and the [SIG Docs Localization Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/archives/C0191RDKHU1). Other localization teams are happy to help you get started and answer any questions you have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let Kubernetes SIG Docs know you're interested in creating a localization! Join the [SIG Docs Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/sig-docs) and the [SIG Docs Localizations Slack channel](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/sig-docs-localizations). Other localization teams are happy to help you get started and answer any questions you have.
```

Author: Great Suggestions!,  I will send up a new commit we these changes!

> Please also consider participating in the [SIG Docs Localization Subgroup](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NwO1AN8Ea2zlK8uAdaDAKf1-LZDAFvSewIfrKqfl5No/).  The mission of the SIG Docs localization subgroup is to work across the SIG Docs localization teams to collaborate on defining and documenting the processes for creating localized contribution guides. In addition, the SIG Docs localization subgroup will look for opportunities for the creation and sharing of common tools across localization teams and also serve to identify new requirements to the SIG Docs Leadership team.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please also consider participating in the [SIG Docs Localization Subgroup meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NwO1AN8Ea2zlK8uAdaDAKf1-LZDAFvSewIfrKqfl5No/).  The mission of the SIG Docs localization subgroup is to work across the SIG Docs localization teams to collaborate on defining and documenting the processes for creating localized contribution guides. In addition, the SIG Docs localization subgroup will look for opportunities for the creation and sharing of common tools across localization teams and also serve to identify new requirements to the SIG Docs Leadership team.
```

Reviewer 2: Since this mentioned the agenda do you want the folks to consider joining the meeting or what? I’m afraid I’m a bit confused there.

Author: Yeah the idea was they may want to participate in the monthly meeting.  How do you think I should clarify this?

Reviewer: I wouldn't link to the Google doc from the main website - instead, ask people to join Slack and find it there.

Otherwise, I fear vandalism and crawling.

Reviewer: (it may be too late!)

Author: Great suggestion @irvifa.  I will send a new update with it now.

> Please also consider participating in the [SIG Docs Localization Subgroup meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NwO1AN8Ea2zlK8uAdaDAKf1-LZDAFvSewIfrKqfl5No/).  The mission of the SIG Docs localization subgroup is to work across the SIG Docs localization teams to collaborate on defining and documenting the processes for creating localized contribution guides. In addition, the SIG Docs localization subgroup will look for opportunities for the creation and sharing of common tools across localization teams and also serve to identify new requirements to the SIG Docs Leadership team.

Reviewer 2: This one probably when we state please consider join the meeting we can just tell the folks that they can see the details in the slack or by joining google groups so we don’t need to attach the docs directly. I just think about this when @sftim mentioned this

Author: @irvifa I could change the link to point to https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-docs which currently lists all our google docs and all our meeting times.   Would that help?

Author: @irvifa The advantage of changlng the link to be https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-docs is that   if the google doc link eventually changes I only have to update it in one place (on the community site) instead of two places (the community site and the localization page)

Author: @irvifa I have removed the google doc link and instead reference the standard  https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-docs page and also mentioned for folks to ask questions on the slack channel
